README.md, before:

# CRUD Rest API
this repository used to implement crud (create, read, update, delete) function using python flask dan mongoDB. this repository also provide unittest (on process)

## Dependencies ##
```
* Python==3.6
* PyMongo
* Python Flask
* Flask MongoEngine
```
## Setup ##
```
git clone https://github.com/orsessential/rest_crud
python app.py

```

## Configuration ##

```
{
        "transaction_id": "d0090c40-539f-479a-8274-899b9970bddc",
        "customer_name": "PT. PRIMATIGA",
        "customer_code": "1678593",
        "transaction_amount": "70700",
        "transaction_discount": "0",
        "transaction_payment_type": "29",
        "transaction_additional_field": "",
        "transaction_state": "PAID",
        "transaction_code": "CGKFT20200715121",
        "transaction_order": 121,
        "location_id": "5cecb20b6c49615b174c3e74",
        "organization_id": 6,
        "created_at": "2020-07-15T11:11:12+0700",
        "updated_at": "2020-07-15T11:11:22+0700",
        "transaction_payment_type_name": "Invoice",
        "transaction_cash_amount": 0,
        "transaction_cash_change": 0,
        "customer_attribute": {
            "Nama_Sales": "Radit Fitrawikarsa",
            "TOP": "14 Hari",
            "Jenis_Pelanggan": "B2B"
        },
        "connote": {
            "connote_id": "f70670b1-c3ef-4caf-bc4f-eefa702092ed",
            "connote_number": 1,
            "connote_service": "ECO",
            "connote_service_price": 70700,
            "connote_amount": 70700,
            "connote_code": "AWB00100209082020",
            "connote_booking_code": "",
            "connote_order": 326931,
            "connote_state": "PAID",
            "connote_state_id": 2,
            "zone_code_from": "CGKFT",
            "zone_code_to": "SMG",
            "surcharge_amount": "",
            "transaction_id": "d0090c40-539f-479a-8274-899b9970bddc",
            "actual_weight": 20,
            "volume_weight": 0,
            "chargeable_weight": 20,
            "created_at": "2020-07-15T11:11:12+0700",
            "updated_at": "2020-07-15T11:11:22+0700",
            "organization_id": 6,
            "location_id": "5cecb20b6c49615b174c3e74",
            "connote_total_package": "3",
            "connote_surcharge_amount": "0",
            "connote_sla_day": "4",
            "location_name": "Hub Jakarta Selatan",
            "location_type": "HUB",
            "source_tariff_db": "tariff_customers",
            "id_source_tariff": "1576868",
            "pod": "",
            "history": []
        },
        "connote_id": "f70670b1-c3ef-4caf-bc4f-eefa702092ed",
        "origin_data": {
            "customer_name": "PT. NARA OKA PRAKARSA",
            "customer_address": "JL. KH. AHMAD DAHLAN NO. 100, SEMARANG TENGAH 12420",
            "customer_email": "info@naraoka.co.id",
            "customer_phone": "024-1234567",
            "customer_address_detail": "",
            "customer_zip_code": "12420",
            "zone_code": "CGKFT",
            "organization_id": 6,
            "location_id": "5cecb20b6c49615b174c3e74"
        },
        "destination_data": {
            "customer_name": "PT AMARIS HOTEL SIMPANG LIMA",
            "customer_address": "JL. KH. AHMAD DAHLAN NO. 01, SEMARANG TENGAH",
            "customer_email": "",
            "customer_phone": "0248453499",
            "customer_address_detail": "KOTA SEMARANG SEMARANG TENGAH KARANGKIDUL",
            "customer_zip_code": "50241",
            "zone_code": "SMG",
            "organization_id": 6,
            "location_id": "5cecb20b6c49615b174c3e74"
        },
        "koli_data": [
            {
                "koli_length": 0,
                "awb_url": "https://tracking.mile.app/label/AWB00100209082020.1",
                "created_at": "2020-07-15 11:11:13",
                "koli_chargeable_weight": 9,
                "koli_width": 0,
                "koli_surcharge": [],
                "koli_height": 0,
                "updated_at": "2020-07-15 11:11:13",
                "koli_description": "V WARP",
                "koli_formula_id": "",
                "connote_id": "f70670b1-c3ef-4caf-bc4f-eefa702092ed",
                "koli_volume": 0,
                "koli_weight": 9,
                "koli_id": "e2cb6d86-0bb9-409b-a1f0-389ed4f2df2d",
                "koli_custom_field": {
                    "awb_sicepat": "",
                    "harga_barang": ""
                },
                "koli_code": "AWB00100209082020.1"
            },
            {
                "koli_length": 0,
                "awb_url": "https://tracking.mile.app/label/AWB00100209082020.2",
                "created_at": "2020-07-15 11:11:13",
                "koli_chargeable_weight": 9,
                "koli_width": 0,
                "koli_surcharge": [],
                "koli_height": 0,
                "updated_at": "2020-07-15 11:11:13",
                "koli_description": "V WARP",
                "koli_formula_id": "",
                "connote_id": "f70670b1-c3ef-4caf-bc4f-eefa702092ed",
                "koli_volume": 0,
                "koli_weight": 9,
                "koli_id": "3600f10b-4144-4e58-a024-cc3178e7a709",
                "koli_custom_field": {
                    "awb_sicepat": "",
                    "harga_barang": ""
                },
                "koli_code": "AWB00100209082020.2"
            },
            {
                "koli_length": 0,
                "awb_url": "https://tracking.mile.app/label/AWB00100209082020.3",
                "created_at": "2020-07-15 11:11:13",
                "koli_chargeable_weight": 2,
                "koli_width": 0,
                "koli_surcharge": [],
                "koli_height": 0,
                "updated_at": "2020-07-15 11:11:13",
                "koli_description": "LID HOT CUP",
                "koli_formula_id": "",
                "connote_id": "f70670b1-c3ef-4caf-bc4f-eefa702092ed",
                "koli_volume": 0,
                "koli_weight": 2,
                "koli_id": "2937bdbf-315e-4c5e-b139-fd39a3dfd15f",
                "koli_custom_field": {
                    "awb_sicepat": "",
                    "harga_barang": ""
                },
                "koli_code": "AWB00100209082020.3"
            }
        ],
        "custom_field": {
            "catatan_tambahan": "JANGAN DI BANTING / DI TINDIH"
        },
        "currentLocation": {
            "name": "Hub Jakarta Selatan",
            "code": "JKTS01",
            "type": "Agent"
        }
    }

```

Commit message:

UPDATE - update new unittest and documentation

README.md, after:

# CRUD Rest API
this repository used to implement crud (create, read, update, delete) function using python flask dan mongoDB. this repository also provide unittest (on process)

## Dependencies ##
```
* Python==3.6
* PyMongo
* Python Flask
* Flask MongoEngine
```
## Setup ##
```
git clone https://github.com/orsessential/rest_crud
python app.py

```

## UNITTEST ##
(response empty, get all order, get order by id, delete order by id, put order by id, patch order by id, add order), 
how to run test:
```
python3 -m pytest tests/unittest.py
```

![](unittest_pass.png)


## Configuration ##

```
{
        "transaction_id": "d0090c40-539f-479a-8274-899b9970bddc",
        "customer_name": "PT. PRIMATIGA",
        "customer_code": "1678593",
        "transaction_amount": "70700",
        "transaction_discount": "0",
        "transaction_payment_type": "29",
        "transaction_additional_field": "",
        "transaction_state": "PAID",
        "transaction_code": "CGKFT20200715121",
        "transaction_order": 121,
        "location_id": "5cecb20b6c49615b174c3e74",
        "organization_id": 6,
        "created_at": "2020-07-15T11:11:12+0700",
        "updated_at": "2020-07-15T11:11:22+0700",
        "transaction_payment_type_name": "Invoice",
        "transaction_cash_amount": 0,
        "transaction_cash_change": 0,
        "customer_attribute": {
            "Nama_Sales": "Radit Fitrawikarsa",
            "TOP": "14 Hari",
            "Jenis_Pelanggan": "B2B"
        },
        "connote": {
            "connote_id": "f70670b1-c3ef-4caf-bc4f-eefa702092ed",
            "connote_number": 1,
            "connote_service": "ECO",
            "connote_service_price": 70700,
            "connote_amount": 70700,
            "connote_code": "AWB00100209082020",
            "connote_booking_code": "",
            "connote_order": 326931,
            "connote_state": "PAID",
            "connote_state_id": 2,
            "zone_code_from": "CGKFT",
            "zone_code_to": "SMG",
            "surcharge_amount": "",
            "transaction_id": "d0090c40-539f-479a-8274-899b9970bddc",
            "actual_weight": 20,
            "volume_weight": 0,
            "chargeable_weight": 20,
            "created_at": "2020-07-15T11:11:12+0700",
            "updated_at": "2020-07-15T11:11:22+0700",
            "organization_id": 6,
            "location_id": "5cecb20b6c49615b174c3e74",
            "connote_total_package": "3",
            "connote_surcharge_amount": "0",
            "connote_sla_day": "4",
            "location_name": "Hub Jakarta Selatan",
            "location_type": "HUB",
            "source_tariff_db": "tariff_customers",
            "id_source_tariff": "1576868",
            "pod": "",
            "history": []
        },
        "connote_id": "f70670b1-c3ef-4caf-bc4f-eefa702092ed",
        "origin_data": {
            "customer_name": "PT. NARA OKA PRAKARSA",
            "customer_address": "JL. KH. AHMAD DAHLAN NO. 100, SEMARANG TENGAH 12420",
            "customer_email": "info@naraoka.co.id",
            "customer_phone": "024-1234567",
            "customer_address_detail": "",
            "customer_zip_code": "12420",
            "zone_code": "CGKFT",
            "organization_id": 6,
            "location_id": "5cecb20b6c49615b174c3e74"
        },
        "destination_data": {
            "customer_name": "PT AMARIS HOTEL SIMPANG LIMA",
            "customer_address": "JL. KH. AHMAD DAHLAN NO. 01, SEMARANG TENGAH",
            "customer_email": "",
            "customer_phone": "0248453499",
            "customer_address_detail": "KOTA SEMARANG SEMARANG TENGAH KARANGKIDUL",
            "customer_zip_code": "50241",
            "zone_code": "SMG",
            "organization_id": 6,
            "location_id": "5cecb20b6c49615b174c3e74"
        },
        "koli_data": [
            {
                "koli_length": 0,
                "awb_url": "https://tracking.mile.app/label/AWB00100209082020.1",
                "created_at": "2020-07-15 11:11:13",
                "koli_chargeable_weight": 9,
                "koli_width": 0,
                "koli_surcharge": [],
                "koli_height": 0,
                "updated_at": "2020-07-15 11:11:13",
                "koli_description": "V WARP",
                "koli_formula_id": "",
                "connote_id": "f70670b1-c3ef-4caf-bc4f-eefa702092ed",
                "koli_volume": 0,
                "koli_weight": 9,
                "koli_id": "e2cb6d86-0bb9-409b-a1f0-389ed4f2df2d",
                "koli_custom_field": {
                    "awb_sicepat": "",
                    "harga_barang": ""
                },
                "koli_code": "AWB00100209082020.1"
            },
            {
                "koli_length": 0,
                "awb_url": "https://tracking.mile.app/label/AWB00100209082020.2",
                "created_at": "2020-07-15 11:11:13",
                "koli_chargeable_weight": 9,
                "koli_width": 0,
                "koli_surcharge": [],
                "koli_height": 0,
                "updated_at": "2020-07-15 11:11:13",
                "koli_description": "V WARP",
                "koli_formula_id": "",
                "connote_id": "f70670b1-c3ef-4caf-bc4f-eefa702092ed",
                "koli_volume": 0,
                "koli_weight": 9,
                "koli_id": "3600f10b-4144-4e58-a024-cc3178e7a709",
                "koli_custom_field": {
                    "awb_sicepat": "",
                    "harga_barang": ""
                },
                "koli_code": "AWB00100209082020.2"
            },
            {
                "koli_length": 0,
                "awb_url": "https://tracking.mile.app/label/AWB00100209082020.3",
                "created_at": "2020-07-15 11:11:13",
                "koli_chargeable_weight": 2,
                "koli_width": 0,
                "koli_surcharge": [],
                "koli_height": 0,
                "updated_at": "2020-07-15 11:11:13",
                "koli_description": "LID HOT CUP",
                "koli_formula_id": "",
                "connote_id": "f70670b1-c3ef-4caf-bc4f-eefa702092ed",
                "koli_volume": 0,
                "koli_weight": 2,
                "koli_id": "2937bdbf-315e-4c5e-b139-fd39a3dfd15f",
                "koli_custom_field": {
                    "awb_sicepat": "",
                    "harga_barang": ""
                },
                "koli_code": "AWB00100209082020.3"
            }
        ],
        "custom_field": {
            "catatan_tambahan": "JANGAN DI BANTING / DI TINDIH"
        },
        "currentLocation": {
            "name": "Hub Jakarta Selatan",
            "code": "JKTS01",
            "type": "Agent"
        }
    }

```
